hello everybody, good afternoon another one
fábio rock and now we are in
bmw booth
so here it is, it came from detran bmw
in the federal district
but if we shut this guy out there,
From decif at bmw time it's good to
damn right
so the federal highway police
Ana de Bmw is there too , good for her.
even do not
we will decide in transit that the
corridor in the canyons and syrup and
scale to divide bmw r 1200
you can go up here you can bmw r 1200 gs
this bike is it burned these motorcycles
bm very top gun is very crazy
here we have a r 1200 rp
Look at Nelson Mandela's handsome father there.
Huge motorcycle should be good motorcycle
because it has a 1200 r more
ever speed is a little less want
nothing aimed at a younger audience
let's say that here we have a little scooter
600 bmw opel takes a look at the scooter
zone and jumped here old movie has a beautiful
facing the old line
looks very crazy in monitoring tires'
au-au and crazy in 600 crazy sporti
and then we continue f 800 gs
crazy adventure vote in practice
showing a lot of people who want
get on the bike to take a photo of the
that's it we have another equipped and with
trunks for trip is also f 800 gs
her vision panel is handsome is not
very crazy motoca moto moto
I'm going to stay here 1200 much
crazy also 200 other white ours is
top and grain
I know I have one here, I already came here.
No, my daughter will see first what I am.
posting photo on facebook sent is this
bmw bmw booth is also a
quality and ask for each sound good, right?
good notch
Okay, this is where the business got hot.
Something there I have to paraty but I
I get here that has a bmw that the cam
warm up the gauntlet themes game wqs maneuver
illegal and 800 gs in a new agreement the
army green moss to white and blue year
blue and touches you old blue is blue
cool
here the motoca more with the motoca bigger the
what an old button was what we noticed
bernthal the zone zone bichão there yes in
a lot of people taking pictures we will not
disturb
I'll be back will be the same calm and 601
mocking everyone here
the bmw vision panel there you will see
follow and watch the workout very
fast than the will of the whole church
you will also know here at your merit more
in the leather of me here
f8 5 a 0 samera and bim samera vim viver
speeding with me has 800 various colors
white blue black or blue this silver well
crazy crazy crazy 700 for k 1300 sk
1300 enabled even this one I 've already seen
not 2 million the new one but there was also the
old
Now let's talk to us, who?
saw the ducati booth dodo I think
It's from the pandora's box earning the bmw k
1300 again
I think the cashier will win there stay in a
level of opinion of all
There are 1300 people who will come
now we are where we should be
boy rr mil da bmw
then there is old here motorcycle here business
hole is much lower
Japan has already had the opportunity to
accelerate with one and take a chipped choir
but it is also part thousand displacements
Old motorcycle, pretty damn accelerate.
Holy shit where the rock panel of
time and contact stresses of not bmw
put crazy loco that 's it blue and
white then blue and pants of that more
is not crazy but this and all the
crazier white with details in
gray do not know if from here destroyed closed
Bernardo, let's get out of here.
Get out of here and we'll continue
showing the motorcycles there comes more bike
from bmw
here santinha that the old bmw r 1.000
ers
gives for what my'll take now in with the
Look at these bikes here when I go
open an oracle these bikes look the bmw
r 90 s 9 74 lady neither messi nor the
78 74 69 66 and 54 on our ball is
a free from very crazy né motown
bedridden old guide looks look this - 54
and the staff of the guará and there I will have
only then he's in love is the same because
okay that not all waste
The cool pulled record here.
sérgio flôr learned fifa the legal way
enjoying the fair
the legal value hour because it stayed for
cool, that's it, I 'm going to have to
scoring is a recognized team there goes
Telling the live will be beautiful.
Hey floripa, the guy here is from floripa.
has been changed develops for him
you'll have to be a mother soon there's the new sticker
of the onetti family gifts for you and
three ready
thence to the new kaboul to come out to you
did not come to the fair and sticker to
who do you think will not find the tenth
Is this cool or was it mine?
brigade brother of the word or legal stay
with God is equal fair to you and that's it
that's personal
we are finishing the bmw booth there
teaching recognized by legal
old people will be known there for personal
the first big florianópolis helium
bitch here of the hour it looks like old u
bank account is going to fail a lot
crazy what 's this here photo of
owners personal beauty then it is
this is not known the first
two wheel saloon recognition
beauty rock fable
Look, guys, until the next video I went